my first idea is like how can I save
worlds your product demo before one
night after one night it's seven words
and one ad with a very strong visual
message that will make people smile and
understand them inside on the same time
and that's how it all started hey
everyone Sylvia Perez here and welcome
to today's episode of behind the ads
where we learn how some of the fastest
growing companies approach digital
advertising joining me today is none
other than Emmanuel Kohan VP of
marketing at walnut.io welcome Manu
thank you for the invite no I'm super
pumped to have you why don't we just
start off at a very high level just what
does wanna do and who do you serve
allows anyone to create interactive and
personalize them or basically it's a
tool for sales people and the goal is to
basically allow them to customize the
software for each and every customer
but that's the technical answer if you
want the real answer is that buying
software sucks and today if you want to
buy yourself to air right yeah you need
to go on a website screenshots you can
try the product right then you book at
them or you go on a call with an SDR
he he asked you 25 question to qualify
you and then maybe you are highly
interesting and you can really see the
product on the call with an AE or some
other sales people and then they show
you in the Bad Case generic PowerPoint
in a good case they show you a demo of
the product that rely on a very hard
demo environment that a lot of people
are working on and at the end of the day
you get to try the product only when you
buy it after 18 months of waiting and
that's what we are trying to change with
one note you can embed them with your
product on your website the prospective
design if you want you can send an email
a link in your email about Chris like
your SD Atkins and a link to a demo
etc etc until customer success when you
can have interactive tutorials on your
website and I think that's really like
why we exist we want to make the old
sales process a bit more
customer-centric yeah not a bit more
hopefully like a lot more questions
and I think like the best if we are
jumping through marketing already I just
already cut you off but I'm getting PTSD
just thinking about the amount of times
that I have gone through that so one of
the things that I do is I do a lot of
vendor Discovery so evaluating different
partners and things like that so
different data sources and I cannot tell
you especially with like data providers
they have very Antiquated sales
processes where it's just basic
questions hey how much does your tool
cost or what's the use case Etc like you
it's like you have to have a alignment
call and then you have to have another
call it got to the point I'll actually
tell you a quick story I had this one
vendor that strung me through five calls
and then finally they said to finally
move forward and get my answers that I
had to involve my CEO
in the final call and it got to the
point where I and I'm a pretty nice guy
and I'm patient Etc but it got to the
point where even I got like pissed and I
literally emailed him I'm like no one
will join another call until you provide
XYZ so definitely a huge main point
exactly that's why we created The
Movement we are prospects and we created
this video with a girl I don't know if
you saw it trying to yeah and the guy
alsoever like she was coming to buy a
software and it went completely viral
and the what if B2B buying software
happened in real life video yeah yes
absolutely and I'll throw it on the
screen here for everybody watching yeah
that was completely evaluated we had the
company like helps us to join the
movement and like it was showed at the
sister but by the CMO of G2 like three
like I think like buying software is a
pain and like if you manage to explain
that with the simple metaphor I think
that people can really connect to this
message yeah I totally agree well yeah
so that's why we exist in that our fight
that's a firm in terms of marketing at
least that's awesome I think it's
definitely a worthwhile fight so you
guys are definitely solving huge
problems and thankful for companies like
you next question just at a high level
you guys are growing exponentially
you're advertising on multiple channels
what is your paid strategy look like
just at a 10 000 foot view in terms of
just where are you allocating your
investment Etc thinking about it no I
think that like every company like we we
use a lot LinkedIn Google search I think
it's three I don't have any crazy story
about that the most interesting part is
like how we do it the thing that we are
trying all the time
to break the norm like the meaning
you're very used to see like an image
with a number or a customer with like
hey this tool improve my positivity by
17 percent it's nice
and then like you have a walnut uh
showing you like cat and a lion and yeah
your product demo before and after what
not
I think that's something that really
stops you in your scrolling and and
lately I think that when you reach out
to me right the VP marketing of LinkedIn
show or hide in their first marketing
B2B event right after HubSpot and
Salesforce and that is the one night
with the question before after oh man
yeah no absolutely I want to highlight
something you said there you said we're
trying to we're doing and you said it
nonchalant be like we're just doing
LinkedIn and Google nothing crazy pretty
standard but what you said is we're
trying to break the norm and I think
that's so important because one of my
favorite sayings is it's not what you do
but it's how you do it
and how you approach the execution piece
so that and I think that's really
helpful for everyone listening to really
hinge on is
there isn't a secret bullet right like
you're doing quote unquote like the
typical
strategy right and correct me if I'm
wrong Google capturing High intent right
people who are already in Market they
know they have a problem trying to show
up convert those buyers and then on
LinkedIn does that look like a mix of
like awareness and then also conversion
yeah I think that's exactly what you say
at the end of the day the how is much
more important than the what platform
you are using and all you are targeting
like the goal is to really make people
remember you to hammer the same message
to try all the time everything I try to
publish something it doesn't matter what
if it's a new book survey or a
testimonial or whatever looking what
people are doing
I'm like okay I will do something
different something that will surprise
people so I'm saying and that's the way
like when you are systematically
breaking the norm people are like wow
that's one like just by anything like
that but that's one I have a nerd with a
guy like doing yoga with the sunset and
like it's written on it like
in a very beautiful font right your demo
is like yeah the surprising people are
like wow that's the girl the girl used
to read like put push people to to stop
and be like okay that was funny that's
something and until today our direct
traffic because of the brand that we
built
is like so powerful like we we got we
know that the brand
is working people are connecting to
another connecting to our messaging to
our human to our silliness of
self-devision yeah but also like we have
a teacher supported behind so like we
can allow to play always like between
these limits and I think that the the
things
in the job and yeah I'm curious so what
is your process for brainstorming
creative and copy because for those that
don't know Walnut has such a diverse
creative toolkit from highly produced
videos with actors and a set and stages
to literally just a image that you can
make in canva in five minutes which is
in the one of the examples you said Manu
was the cat and the lion you even had
another one that I saw that was
hilarious it was a stock footage of some
guy leaning back with like sticky notes
on his eyes and then you just had the
tagline stop boring your prospects
create killer product demos easily so I
would love to dive into what is your
creative process looked like I guess we
can start at very high level I think
ultimately what I've gotten is you're
trying to stand out you're trying to be
different you're trying to create that
pattern interrupt and you're trying to
be memorable so when it comes to the
actual execution on the one end you have
these highly produced videos and then
you have these just
really quick for lack of a better word
like just easily implemented low-cost
creative what have you seen work better
for you in terms of dollars invested was
it the highly produced creative or was
it just those quick creative pieces that
you made
so it's two different purposes when I
make when I make a video production I'm
looking to create brand awareness and
more like I use it free like organically
and I want to see what other people
reaction we made a few virals one and
like the gold is really like for people
to connect with the brand and follow our
page come to our website Etc I'm less
looking to convert a user when I'm
creating an ad
the girl is LinkedIn is very
straightforward you can see the
conversion rate you can see the cost per
lead and you can easily understand if
your ID is working or not to come back
to your first question was the creative
process behind it so
I started working on one notes when we
were 10 people I was the only marketer
and no budget know this I know nothing
so I did exactly what you said I went to
canva and I was like okay what can I do
that will make me on one side like lost
and then the other side that will convey
the message in the most
simple and uh
in the natural way and that it just
tough about this in the to be honest
like the original idea was to have a wet
cut and a dry cat
but the white cat was too creepy so it
took it the dry cut with the wicked a
liar and I was like
okay oh can we explain always like my
first idea is like oh can I save worlds
you know you all for the demo before one
night after one night it's seven words
and one ad with a very strong visual
message that will make people smile and
understand them instead on the same time
and that's how it all started and then I
created a lot of different creative that
shows the same idea what time is like
with a question
and I checked the one that get the
better LCD I'll keep running same for
and sometimes I go the other way around
just go to shut off talk and like okay I
need an image that
make me a react and then any major for
girl yawning and saying boring yeah okay
that that's going to work and but again
LinkedIn the side not me like whatever
the platform tell me like the cosplay is
good and then the CTR is high and like
okay I want to do more of that but yeah
it's a lot it's a lot of I came from I
worked before that that weeks I was head
of social mediawiks.com
and I played with social media all my
life social media I'm a playground I
know what people react to that you put
the cat people with stuff there is
nothing you can do that is the sad truth
of social media you more make people
stop I mean like babies yeah babies of
course now also identification is
something people really we live in a
digital world and we're trying to find
ways to connect so that's why I like on
our page we publish a lot of memes
that like sex people every like last
week of two weeks and later two weeks
before we had one that get like 1 000
and something likes which you like on
LinkedIn and I like how did that happen
yeah Miss Joey and and money that Monica
and Phoebe and friends you know that
she's trying to learn French
yeah I don't think I've seen that one I
have to check it out especially that
she's a friend to teach in French and at
the end of the day
yeah so can I try your product can I
tried your product can I put seven cards
like that I think it was like also very
successful
Manu I think you you said I have to
highlight it because it's so impactful
and I want everybody to really pick up
on that you said I'm trying to convey
and elicit an emotion essentially with
as little words possible
and I think that's so key when we
approach creative production thinking
about how can we actually create an
emotional response because that again
like that ultimately that's going to
create a pattern or up that's going to
get people to engage and keep your brand
top of mind now I do want to play
Devil's Advocate because I can already
hear the people listening to this call
and be like well Walnut is a fun brand
you guys can say things like your demo
process sucks then it's boring but I
work in biopharma and I can't be as a
humorous what would you say to folks
that are maybe in that position
I believe industries that are a bit
harder to play with if you are inside of
security
you know what I don't know I feel like I
personally
don't think that uh if you look at the
SAS safe space there are a lot of
companies that are very funny just like
a matter of it's more of a choice what
do you want to be do you want to be like
the First Student in the in the
classroom who have perfect right grade
and show them to his friend to show them
that he's smart are they ought to be the
cool guy that may keep people love when
you create an identity a marketing or
brand which is the company's identity
you need to suffer put a part of
yourself into it to come to fake it yeah
it's very hard to try to be something so
it's casual process so yes but I believe
that almost every industry
with the right approach can be funny and
I think that we are seeing in general we
are observing in the B2B World a trend
towards this this kind of more human
marketing I want to do to you the B2B
b2c b2h kind of vibe that yeah but at
the end of the day it's business to
human if MVP marketing and if I see
something stupid I will laugh we love it
I will be curious about to publish it
and maybe and the VP Styles here the
same and all CEO is the same and
everyone we react to have the same
emotional and psychological trigger
that's not something you can control if
you have a c on your title right
between the title and
I think being funny is not come to work
as a standalone right it also needs to
feel authentic
and and to surprise people
right because
you need to that's before you ask me
about my creative process I will just
complete the question and the answer I
want you to give you when I do anything
if it's a video it doesn't matter I'm
looking at what everyone is doing trying
to find what are the failures in the
existing recipe here in Israel when they
during the when the high-tech was
exploding two years ago right so you had
a lot of companies pay your branding
campaign right and they were here like
on your twist like Superstars like
showing the
that was exactly like the opposite the
walk around the office with the dog and
buzzer everyone and it went also
completely nuts like it was in Hebrew so
I can't sell it so really always try to
find like the this little details
that are a bit absurd right yeah you can
use to your advantage great I hope
everyone took that away from here and
you challenge yourself creatively
to push the boundaries of what you can
produce as far as creative goes and
don't let
you know in Financial Resources be a
limiting constraint right like you deal
with the hand you're dealt so to speak
and you make the best of it Manu you
were the first marketer and employee 10
and you had to use conva to create your
first original designs but if you look
at walnut's page today they're still
following like that similar Playbook
where they have these before and after
contrasting ads and in terms of creative
production that's extremely cost
effective I I want to ask one question
on the just reporting and measurement
especially you as a VP of marketing
ultimately how are you judging success I
know you mentioned as far as the testing
goes which the out like LinkedIn will
determine what is successful in terms of
CTR or like conversions but like high
level
how do you know that you're being
successful with your paid advertising
first of all at the end of the day it's
business right
if we reach our business goal and if the
VP says he's happy and if everyone is
happy it means that we managed to
achieve our goal right three the bottom
line
yeah in terms of like my personal view
like under okay on the different metrics
I'm looking at two things always the
first one is the amount of lead if you
reach your kpl in employer SQL or this
kind of thing that I believe that every
marketel on the planet is obsessed about
right yep
but I also have a very qualitative view
on my work
all right I check every comment on my ad
I check how many share my ads good I try
to see oh people react to things okay
try to understand what works what
doesn't work oh like how many messages
the CEO get from Ozil CEO that sold out
and we're like hey man what the first
I'm always looking also for the
qualitative aspect of what they do if I
see that
I can't have the best statue in the
world if no one talks about it it means
that it's not interesting enough right
it's not surprising you know it's not
smart enough right
and at the end of the day
you caught out ma like you can't create
any real difference in terms of strategy
and target audience if you have the
exact same then you're competitive right
let's say you have the same budget the
same audience the same everything all
right the only way to really stand out
is the creative behind and that's what
I'm always like tracking every time I
have a notification a name game this guy
commented when you add bring a check
okay what's the comment was it positive
was it negative like mostly when you
show you operate you've shown in
conferences by people that you never
talk to with CMO or G2 or as I said VP
marketing of LinkedIn or companies that
are showing that to their employees to
tell them like that's all we want you to
do marketing this kind of and trackable
not measurable feedback the qualitative
one is super important because it allows
you to always improve what you are doing
and trying to push the boundaries more
and more one day I'm telling you ahead I
will push it too far and it will be a
failure right yeah but that's so you
that's how you move forward and so you
succeed right yeah no that's great
context what advice would you give
anyone listening maybe they're they're
in your position their first marketer
play number 10 and they have to start up
a new paid media program at their
company how would you guide them there
is no try right so they think that
marketing the beauty of marketing is
like you can try
nothing will happen everything is like
on I made my first campaign on LinkedIn
two years ago when I started at Walmart
I'm coming from content and creative as
you can hear I'm not user them engine
itself I wasn't and you try you see what
happened it's only like
a good opportunity to learn if you fail
like social media will never remember
anything you did like in a week from now
like even if you make the biggest
failure in the world and you had a very
bad post no one gives a excuse me
in French
and like marketing is the best is the
place when you have the most room to try
stuff to be bold
to like to play with the copy like it's
a you need to see it as a playful uh not
as threatening
discipline you know I mean like the more
comfortable the more you train the more
you trust yourself the more you trust
yourself the better the outcome will be
and and I think that's the most
wonderful thing about marketing
everything when you create a product
it's very hard to change it you create a
page on the website you go to whatever
website builder you are using and you
change the sentence end of story you
publish a pattern of success media it's
faves people are angry at you you erase
the post yeah the story like yeah things
are simple don't freak out I don't know
if you ever heard of this Manu but I
feel like you're gonna like this there's
a I'm a quote guy I have quotes for
everything in acronyms and fail stands
for first attempt in learning
so it's all about embracing that that
learning and being able to iterate and
adjust over time mono this has been
remarkable I hope everyone listening has
gotten a ton of value from this and you
push yourself creatively and really
listen back to that book a couple times
because there's a ton of golden nuggets
manuf people wanted to connect with you
where can they find you and I read every
comment on the OneNote page on LinkedIn
so if someone wants to find me I will
find him before but yeah feel free to
reach out through Linkedin you can find
me on the company page there is my name
in the employees like everyone and
that's it cool very amazing I definitely
recommend everyone here go connect with
Manu after this and definitely check out
Walnut really look into what they're
doing and I think they're a great
company to add into your swipe file for
inspiration of best practices and what
to do with your ads Manu thanks again
thank you